conservative media viewers was going on
to me John Deverell I've got a military
news story here about an f-22 that it's
crashed in Florida this happened on
Thursday here I'm going to tell you
about that in a second here you can see
some f-22s that are getting ready for
takeoff
they're absolutely my personal opinion
just gorgeous planes extremely capable
no question about now here what you're
seeing is an f-22 game flight it has
dropped some decoy flares out there and
they do that in my personal opinion if
the plane is being targeted or attacked
by a guided missile what those decoy
flares are able to do is hopefully draw
off that homing missile into the flares
and therefore creating a effective
defense for the f-22 now what happened
in Florida was that an f-22 you know
crashed
I believe this happened at Tyndall Air
Force Base now that's in the Florida
Panhandle close to I believe Panama City
the pilot was able to eject safely I
don't have a lot of details further
details at this point as far as like you
know why the plane crash or what
happened there whatever
now the f-22s they are expensive planes
that you're talking about a
fifth-generation fighter this is an air
superiority fighter
they're extremely capable of pieces of
military equipment and my personal
opinion no question about you're talking
about a plane that can you know cruise
what they call a quote-unquote super
cruise at close to you know Mach 2 so
the estimate that I have here on
Wikipedia and I will put a link in the
video description below that when it's
in this quote super cruise mode it can
go the guesstimate is that it can go
around 1.8 to Mach that is extremely
fast you're talking about over 1,200
miles an hour
unbelievable meaning that it can go at
that speed without using the
afterburners which takes a lot more fuel
so that's pretty impressive here you're
getting a side shot of the f-22
absolutely
menacing gorgeous so you can see the
plane in the way that it's built now the
additional thing that I wanted well
first of all I want to tell you about
this the maximum speed that's estimating
again the maximum speed is classified so
this is a just a guess in song wikipedia
is that it can max out at around 2.25
month that's around 1500 miles an hour
now again I don't know what the maximum
speed of this plane is and it is
classified in fact I've seen one website
that says that the F points you can do
Mach 2 point 5 at top speed and another
website that speculates that it can even
exceed Mach 3 which is absolutely
incredible although this website said
that it can only do it for a very short
period of time due to some detriments to
going that fast for this kind of
aircraft and stuff like that in terms of
the stealth capability and the heat and
stuff that it would generate for doing
that so again I don't know what the top
speed is but let's just say it's very
very fast again let's let's take a look
at this
so what you're seeing here is you see
that kind of stealth profile now the way
that now this is an airplane that is
built for stealth it's the way that it's
built the design whatever helps add to
that stealth capability in addition they
use materials to also increase the
stealth capability tremendous plane and
it carries a range of different
arguments it actually has internal
weapons base that also helps for the
stealth capability so that you know
you've got a more stealthier profile if
you will and you only deploy the weapons
from internally when you need them the
other thing to remember about the f-22
that makes it so great is that it's
super maneuverable it can move around
and Bank and turn very very well so you
know having all these capabilities in
one fighter aircraft is in my pals
opinion what makes the f-22 so great so
what do you make of this story and what
do you make of the f-22 Raptor again I'm
very happy that the pilot was able to
eject safely I don't know what happened
here with this f-22 but you know in my
opinion again first of all my personal
opinion
Lecce facts not casting any aspersions I
personally have always been a big fan of
the f-22 Raptor I love you know
technology I love science but what's
your take on this you tell me where
you're at on this give me the comments
below please subscribe Bob I'm John D
pillar L you're watching conservative
new media please rate this video up also
please post it on your social networking
sites thanks so much for watching I will
see you next time
you